Add potato annotation tool (#9)
zenml-io/awesome-open-data-annotation: README.md

| [Hover](https://github.com/phurwicz/hover) | Explore and label on a map of raw data. Handles text, audio and images. ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/phurwicz/hover?color=black&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | MIT |
| [Label Studio](https://github.com/heartexlabs/label-studio) | A multi-type data labeling and annotation tool with standardized output format ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/heartexlabs/label-studio?color=black&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | Apache-2 |
| [Pigeon](https://github.com/agermanidis/pigeon) | A simple widget that lets you quickly annotate a dataset of unlabeled examples from the comfort of your Jupyter notebook ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/agermanidis/pigeon?color=black&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | Apache-2 |

> | [Potato](https://github.com/davidjurgens/potato) | An annotation framework with 20+ tempaltes, editable UI, quality control, data management and even add a surveyflow for crowdourcing ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/davidjurgens/potato?color=black&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | PolyForm Shield |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| [knodle](https://github.com/knodle/knodle) | Knodle (Knowledge-supervised Deep Learning Framework) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/knodle/knodle?color=white&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic)| Apache-2 |
| [NER Annotator for Spacy](https://github.com/tecoholic/ner-annotator) | NER Annotator for SpaCy allows you to create training data for creating a custom NER Model with custom tags. ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tecoholic/ner-annotator?color=white&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | MIT |
| [NPLM](https://github.com/BatsResearch/nplm) | Noisy Partial Label Model(NPLM) ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/BatsResearch/nplm?color=white&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic)| N/A |

> | [Potato](https://github.com/davidjurgens/potato) | An annotation framework with 20+ tempaltes, editable UI, quality control, data management and even add a surveyflow for crowdourcing ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/davidjurgens/potato?color=black&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | PolyForm Shield |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Potato](https://github.com/davidjurgens/potato) | An annotation framework with 20+ templates, editable UI, quality control, data management and an option to add a survey for crowdsourcing ![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/davidjurgens/potato?color=black&label=%E2%AD%90%EF%B8%8F&style=plastic) | PolyForm Shield |
```
